MSc Project - Geospatial Database Meeting
Costa, STFC Daresbury
Neil, Sandra (arrived slightly late - no drama) and Jason
Vitaliy - away at conference
11/07/2017

Key Points:

-> Before Sandra arrived, Neil and Jason discussed the possibility of getting some
   compute time on one of STFC's GPU clusters to explore the possibility of
   using DCNN's (deep convoulational 3-D neural networks) to learn the labels
   of the macro level features in each RGB-D photosphere/3D map captured during the
   data collection phase. Neil to have a chat with Roger Downing. Princeton's
   "Marvin" framework is under consideration.

-> After Neil's contact with Lenovo, the possibility of getting a loan Phab 2 Pro is
   very likely. Neil has sent Jason's report to Lenovo as a way of filling them in on
   the benefits of the project to the company itself. There is some concern
   about when the handset will actually reach us. Shipping direct may be a quicker
   option? Shipping costs can be covered as a reasonable expense.

-> When Sandra arrived she went through her specification/proposed design with Neil -
   she will focus on the SiloamRoute subsystem for now. Various open source projects
   have been identified that can help with this like OSRM (route mapping engine) and
   Xerces (C++ XML parser). The final output will probably be on a terminal for this
   iteration of the project, perhaps using a readily available text-to-speech package.
   This could be Flite? http://www.speech.cs.cmu.edu/flite/index.html - which seems
   to be very portable indeed. Or something from Nuance (if there are any stripped
   back, free packages available from them). 

-> Sandra also has also managed to get all relevant data from OSM about the UoL campus
   by defining a bounding box using the OSM API (v0.6?). Filtering these results to
   return relevant waypoints of a given route is in development.

-> There was a discussion about 3D model classification as researched by Sandra as opposed
   to RGD-D image classification as proposed in Jason's specification. This will
   be a topic of discussion in the next meeting. It could be the case that Jason and Sandy
   will each tackle each proposed machine learning technique and evaluate their performance.

-> Neil will also give some feedback on feasibility of each aspect of the project and
   some idea on how to focus the work.

Tasks Carried Over From Previous Meeting:

-> Development has begun! 

Next tasks:

-> Set up weekly meetings - next meeting is currently set for 21/07/2017 in Liverpool.

-> Carry on with development! Tasks on Asana.
